Gradients:

'Gradient.p' is a global plugin that provides gradient services to other
plugins.  A gradient is a "black box" which processes a input parameter
and returns a value.  Usually it is used to return a color value, making
it possible to map a range of values into a color ramp.

Because the return value might be different than color, there are three
different gradient types: 

            - color (LWGT_COLOR)
            - scalar (LWGT_SCALAR)
            - percent (LWGT_PERCENT)

The difference between 'scalar' and 'percent' is how the UI will display
the control for the key value.  In both cases the value is handled as a
float value.

Sometimes it is necessary to limit the values within a specific range,
this can be achieved using the LWGF_FIXEDMIN and LWGF_FIXEDMAX flags.
The min and max values must be set in the gradient structure.  The input
parameter list must given at gradient creation, this is a list of
'gParamDesc' structures, they hold a pointer to the input name and the
start and end values (ie: the range value) for each input parameter. 
 
The gradient handler has the following functions:

    create()

        creates a gradient structure and initialises it.  User
        must pass the flag, the type and the input parameter
        description (pDesc).

    destroy()

        kills the gradient.

    copy()

        to copy a gradient.

    load()

        loads from a stream.

    save()

        saves to a stream.

    load_lw()

        loads from a Lw stream (passing the LWLoadState)

    save_lw()

        saves to LW stream.

    interface()

        opens the user interface, user must pass the gradient
        structure and the gradient title.

    evaluate()

        evaluates the gradient for a given input parameter,
        fills in the return structure provided by user.

    freeHandler()

        frees any memory allocated by gradients (necessary
        when copy/pastes are made between gradients) . This
        function should be called at the end of the program.


A short example of how to use gradients can be found
under sample\common\gradient.

G. Duquesne
5/5/98

