
--- Converting AXP Projects to X86 and visa-versa ---

When you create a project on an Intel or an Alpha machine, it will not automatically
compile on the other platform.  There are a few steps you have to perform to make a
new project configuration for the desired platform.

-- X86 to Alpha
Select the menu item Build/Configurations.  This presents you with a list of all the
configurations for all projects.  This generally includes just Win32 Release and Win32
Debug.

To make the Alpha versions, just select the configuration you want to convert and click
the Add button.  This opens the Add Project Configuration window.  Change the name of
the project from Release or Debug to Release Alpha or Debug Alpha, respectivly.

It is important that the Intel versions are ALWAYS named Release and Debug, and the
Alpha versions are ALWAYS named Realease Alpha and Debug Alpha.  This is nessesary
because the configuration name is how MSVC++ determines what to compile.  If you have
one project with a configuration called Debug Alpha and one named Debug AXP, the project
will not be compiled successfully and will not be linked with your program.

To re-itterate:

  Intel Debug:    Win32 Debug
  Intel Release:  Win32 Release
  Alpha Debug:    Win32 Debug Alpha
  Alpha Release:  Win32 Release Alpha

Be sure your configurations are named correctly.  OFten if you get a lot of linker
errors and are sure you have all your dependancies set up correctly, it can be because
your configurations are named wrong.


-- Alpha to X86
This is very similar to converting from X86 to Alpha.  However, by default MSVC++
creates a configuration called Win32 Debug or Win32 Release on the Alpha.  You must
first rename the existing configuratiosn to Win32 Debug Alpha and Win32 Release Alpha,
and then generate the new Win32 Debug and Win32 Release configurations for x86.


-- Picking Configurations
Choose your configuration via the Build/Set Active Configurations menu option.
Choose whichever you need to compile at the time.  Then hit compile, and you're set.


